Add meetup guidance for COVID-19 (#1202)
writethedocs/www: docs/organizer-guide/meetups/covid-19-meetups.rst

Meetups and COVID-19
====================

> With the recent announcement about the Write The Docs NA (Portland) conference, we wanted to provide guidance for our community of meetups.

Reviewer: s/NA (Portland)/Portland/

Author: > Should we include a short list of suggestions for remote meetups here? Email book club, remote speaker, collaborative writing....

I'm tempted to push such questions to #wtd-meetup-remote

Author: PS, I've warned one of the leaders of #wtd-meetup-remote, and await his concurrence.

Author: I have concurrence to point to #wtd-meetup-remote for advice on howto remote meetup

> We've received a number of questions on whether our meetups should continue to meet "in person" during the current situation with COVID-19.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We've received a number of questions about whether Write the Docs community meetups should continue to host in-person events under the current circumstances related to the spread of COVID-19.
```

For the meetup organizers among us, we urge you to follow the best information available from your local, state, provincial, and national governments, including health advisories. If they are discouraging in-person events, we urge you to follow their advice.

> If you and your groups wish to continue to meet, please consider using available remote tools in whole or part. That'll help us, as a community, to be more inclusive of those who are not able or willing to attend in person.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you and your groups wish to continue to meet, please consider using available remote tools in whole or part. That will help us, as a community, to be more inclusive of those who are not able or willing to attend in person.
```

> If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out in the `#meetup-organisers <https://writethedocs.slack.com/messages/meetup-organisers/>`_ Slack channel. We'll do our best to answer your questions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to message us in the `#meetup-organisers <https://writethedocs.slack.com/messages/meetup-organisers/>`_ Slack channel. We'll do our best to address your concerns.
```
